Did they call Tevez again for the cup? -I'm afraid so.
Do not you get tired of seeing it crash alpedo?
Yes, the press does not stop pressing and asking for the tribunero ..
But the Cheche has the situation under control.
This time there is a scheme above names.
At the end we will play with high-level strikers that go well with Messi
Everyone who knows football knows that you need great players next to you.
- Susana Gimenez says he's a crack. - I never saw him play well in the selection.
It is believed that Pele is in Brazil.
That Tevez does not touch her in England.
The selection is already training at Ezeiza.
We are going to travel through some provinces.
Santa fe, Cordoba and we will also play in La Plata.
Sure we will win the group very easy and we will play the rooms in Cordoba.
If they play like the boat with Higuain, Messi and Aguero, that's fine.
Mein Führer ...
You look...
He sells smoke Tevez was called and will start.
The populace, fox and ole pressed.
Those who listen to Niembro, Marcelo Palacios and Araujo are split here.
Can not be! Tevez was out of the America Cup!
How is it that the Checho wrinkled?
Did the salami shit on its legs?
Everyone said he was out of the cup!
The press wants to sell does not care about the selection.
That is why they ask for it Aguero made the same amount of goals and does not kick penalties ..
- It's a rustic shocker, and on top of it is fat. - Führer, and in the city does not bounce or a cone.
He makes a goal and hugs the grandstand and it looks like twenty!
He has no shame.
He always uses the press to be a starter as in 2006 and 2010 ...
Journalists are cagones or do not know that they do not do anything in the city.
They are afraid to be insulted by twitter!
Tevez every word, he declares is for people to love him!
Do not get tired of buying rotten fish, I should have ..
... born in Brazil, there is not as much privilege marketing as playing football !.
It's different ... they respect the technician.
They do not put players and they screw up the scheme ..
Sell ​​homelands !.
Grondona thinks about charging Messi's advertising but not helping him on the court!
They say that he went on to score goals in the premier but ten of the twenty goals in the premier were penal!
The journalists are shit ..
Milito is much more goal-scorer and remember that I sing with my mouth that the selection goes to hell!
Relax, Gerda.
When I played in the man utd. he was always a substitute, his technicians do not want him because he does not play anything
How can it be crack if it does not win games and is not dicisive?
He is a dead man without doubts.
It will happen the same as in the world.
They preferred the refrigerator Riquelme that ..
.... to this camarillero. I prefer even the Chinese garce instead of him.
So we do not beat anyone ..